However, according to the administration, it wholeheartedly restores some more cooperation.
On October 14th, we celebrated the anniversary of the independence of the Republic of the Philippines.
The Philippines has been in the hands of the people for over 400 years.
It has been the second largest country in the United States in the last 40 years.
Now, the 1,800 million people are under the control of President Raul de la Havana.
Along with building the people of the people of the people, the government and the government are closely involved in the construction of the people of the people of the people.
We would like to MOME...
We would like to thank him again for his assistance in completing the construction of the course.
I would like to help you first with the deed...
of a nation that is present at a global level.
Have you found anything to clarify?
No sir, the mechanism in which the agmbas was formed was clearly using the sequence.
However, the people of each region were combat down
We only thank this population3
We have finally shown our assistance to the government
With this opportunity,
I thank this new government
And also thank the people for being very kind,
That Craig now that
so in shodi then used as burlap,
Like hisGorosu Odai,
We call this styleBronze tra user
Then we'll raise the bar!